Senator Jackson, I'm sure that's one of the basic issues that the committee is going
to have to decide.
In my opinion, special and popular pressures were definitely used as a plus-the-five at
length.
Well, then your opinion is that statement to our staff.
Which would you probably re-declose?
Thank you.
This is from the US News and World Report.
A statement by Roy Paul continually issued of March 1954.
This year, this is the poll.
No improper inflow was ever exerted by me on anyone else on behalf of Sean.
The next poll.
Next question.
Mr. Paul is fully on me to tell.
On March 14th, I was sitting in an answer to Mr. Larry C. Back and I called.
As I said, Mr. C. Back, we did not ask for special treatment for him.
And the poll.
Is that statement true or false?
Next question.
He went on to say, Mr. Cone again.
Mr. Cone went on to say, and I told throughout the pattern, throughout the pattern,
what we wanted and everybody wanted and I wanted what was coming to him.
Nothing more and nothing less.
And I do not believe that I or anybody else on the committee use any kind of pressure to
get the Army to bring Mr. Paul.
End of quote, this is from me to press.
Is that statement in your opinion true or false?
Would you mind reading it again, Senator?
The first pick that could be the quote referred to in the previous.
He went on to say, This was from me to press and I now quote.
Throughout the pattern, was, We wanted and everybody wanted and I wanted
what was coming to him.
Nothing more and nothing less.
And I do not believe that I or anybody else on the committee use any kind of pressure to
get the Army to bring Mr. Paul.
That was referring to the previous quote of thought.
Let me go back and it may be helpful.
Do you answer this question in reference to a quotation by Mr. Coln on me to press and
respond to a question on the bill.
See that I said, I quote, as I said Mr. Steve, we did not ask for special treatment for him.
And the quote, then he went on to say Mr. Coln went on to say throughout the pattern,
was we wanted and everybody wanted and I wanted what was coming to him.
Nothing more and nothing less.
And I do not believe that I or anybody else on the committee use any kind of pressure to get the Army to bring Mr. Paul.
Is that statement in your opinion true or false?
That's kind of unusual language there.
And while I is the direct persuading post in response to our question, what's my Mr. Steve back to Mr. Coln on the program entitled
Meet the Press March 14 of this year?
So if I understand it, if it had just to whether or not any pressure used so far as shyness and
ferns and my answer, yes, it was much better used.
Oh, Mr. Secretary, it is alleged in the memorandum from Frank Karr to setting the matriety dated two long
forward. And this was released to the press.
That and I told Mr. Steven stated that he meant two long forward.
Did you find that?
I mean, I'm sure every time.
And the power.
Mr. Secretary, I've been justified that you were the virus of having the hearing discontinued at 12 months and that the Army would investigate and make periodic reports with the media.
Now, I wonder if you would tell the committee just how the Army worked structured.
You and the Army have investigated the social approaches that might be in the Army.
Is that done by your Dean Chum sections?
One of the agencies within the Army that was the act of the Nazi-TV counterintelligence call of our G2 or intelligence division.
Now, do you have a Larry board?
Well, one of the key streets of Larry Boe.
Now, the reason I'm asking these questions, the fact that I have been concerned over the great delay that has taken place in the pyat I'm thinking now of the major 12 case.
In the Army, before the Army took in the act, and I'm wondering if you can tell the committee what the plan is.
But I'm in debt.
For the Army, you will need a security work done beyond the.
Well, I think that I stated yesterday that in a case of suspension, that the commanding officer of the installation of the Army,
can recommend that suspension and give these reasons.
That is considered then by the Army headquarters of the area in which he's located.
And then, having been, I'm going through the Army of the area of headquarters.
It would then come through the screening board in Washington to a screening board of the Department of Army.
Do you have a board of office groups?
No.
The board of the civilians.
No, it is.
I'm involved by my, he is a sometimes a part of military personnel, but usually civilians.
And then the board is a board here, the final state.
Well, that's being board of the tournament, whether or not the person is supposed to be suspended.
And then, if it is so determined as to resolve the process which I've just outlined, then that person will be suspended from the installation of the field, whether it may be for a moment or otherwise.
And the next thing is that charges must be prepared within 30 days.
And after that, the person of that case can ask for a hearing which is held in the Army area in which the installation is located.
In the case of an Army person suspended, that hearing board would be split out of maybe and therefore personnel from the same general area that is from the first Army area in New York.
But not Army person, not Army person now.
Before I was, what could be either a military or civilian personnel, although I think that the collectivities, the two out of the three must be civilians.
Mr. Secretary, if you think that I was major, well, and I had a man and my command, because I had evidence that this person was a member of the Communist Party.
Now, a common would have taken for a reason to get rid of that man on the mile.
I think it would be possible to do it in a matter of hours if it was just bad case that you outlined, standard of product, although that would not be a normal, of course, prevent.
Well, assuming the case was with many of you who had certain thank you all, evidence would be believed to be true.
If you are not, there might be evidence that wouldn't pull up and pull.
But evidence would simply be true and probably be how long would it take to bring it, what he would do with the cut of the years, how long would he.
I would like to have the report of the mine to be the last person on the farm.
I'm trying to force the process of my duty to my family.
You do have the report of the mine?
I'm not.
Please, can you stand aside?
I want the press tonight.
How long would it take?
Well, I think you're man and all.
You could give that a man and worry either with different kinds of evidence.
That's a few of them.
Well, of course, part of the pilot that would depend on a particular case and the evidence that was available, if it was a clean cut case,
there's suddenly a show about, there's always one.
The command there is used to the installation, shouldn't be out of town.
The first time he had reported, and the first time he had reported, and the first time he had reported,
I'm sure the whole time, he had a report of the real bad case.
But if this was a case in which we didn't know, we had some derogatory information perhaps in the mail.
A certain amount of investigation would be required in order to determine what, if any substance there was, to the allegations.
No charge on investigations, you have to.
But you have, anyway, by which a command welcome contact, your office directly, either you was Secretary of Army or one of the civilians staff members of your office.
And of course, I have a situation in mind, which is not good.
Now can, can, can actually be taking a lot of going through the entirety of the command?
It could be, and then emergency, please, let me tell you.
You have, you have anyone on your staff who was charged with actually a responsibility?
Well, it's just in two percent.
Two is charged with that responsibility.
I mean, it's the biggest.
No, that's not supposed to.
That's military.
So, don't you believe that some may change that the two-poil crisis?
Yes, that would excel I think the great.
If the two commanders could contact the Secretary of Office directly and have somebody in their office, we're talking, for moving quickly on cases of this time.
Well, I think we have the mechanism in the machinery, some of the power and all of these things will become, as they come out.
Now, I, I personally wasn't thinking of it enough as they are.
I have what might be the problem of an assistant secretary of the Army for intelligence or security.
I wouldn't think that was necessary.
I think that we can, I can work with that through the chief of staff, through the military intelligence and innovation.
How did chief of staff, which is the chief of G2 relations?
Well, that's not even why I thought that should have to be difficult.
I don't know what to say.
That's your timing.
The Secretary, the history of January 13th, 14th of the first Army report, the lead secretary, Mr. Colman, who was the heir to the Army,
and he was roughly Army.
Now, you can see that Stephen was schooled as Secretary of the Army.
My first question is, did Mr. Adams tell you of this incident at that time?
Yes, sir.
What will Mr. Shine do to you?
And is pre-industrial training in New York, the November 4th, the November 10th?
I would say that was that he was available for many purposes, so in that particular week's plan, and of course I don't know exactly what he did.
Do you know that the other case is in this type of special arrangement doing a pre-industrial training period?
No, sir.
I don't.
Did you see, although I will tell you this, Senator Thomson?
I don't know my own own personal knowledge because I've never come in contact with a case, but I think there are instances of where, in the danger of what's from the victimized to the military,
although a person might have responsible to his family or a business, that there are cases where they have to in some adjustments during that pre-industrial training period.
But if you didn't know of the durainment of Mr. Secretary, do you know who made them?
I know that, but I knew about him.
Did you make them?
Yes, sir.
I had a fantastic day, I told you instruction for them to be made.
What were those durainments?
Well, they were arrangements for us, but whenever Shine was in touch, he was to be a time to be first-timing,
and then he was to be put in the arms of the army, and he was to be put in the arms of the army, and he was to be signed off for two weeks during the pre-industrial training period,
in order to be affordable for a committee member, and I gave instructions for those who were ranked.
Did he have to work for an inferiority or an inferiority?
I know he must have before, the first role, whether he was before or before, or whether or not I don't actually know.
I'd find out for him.
Did you provide us the details of that arrangement that the military directed the officer?
Now in Secretary, did you see the first army were before the decision?
The first time, for a four-year one is today in March.
The original report, the chronology of events, is your part, sir.
The allegations that the four are chiefly against Mr. Colm, the relatively minor mention of Senator McCartney.
Did you ever feel that the perpetrator herein was the contract center of the party, and state-fooling that Mr. Colm's been acting in favor of him,
and that some actions could be taken by him or his committee?
I asked that question particularly after reading the letter, Senator McCartney sent you a December 20th.
Well, of course the fact is that Senator McCartney, who is brought these things up on a case of himself,
is the fact that he's brought to us two days.
You mean after the letter was written?
Yes, on a brief one occasion, I asked the letter with Britain.
Now, Mr. Colm, it was really an employee of one of many bank committees.
Wouldn't it have been better by personal contract to file a remedy to the situation rather than issue the report that is
got in the place now and it was really responsible for these hearings?
Well, I think a situation just developed better to find from that work to upon acts,
because the interest that was generated by the about sign being an inductee that worked with him.
The fact that he was away from the post on a number of occasions,
special tasks that became a matter of common knowledge and public knowledge.
So the interest generally is in a blood to the inquiry we had from the Congress, members of the Congress,
and we will require to answer some specific questions and we do it.
What were the arrangements that Mr. Scharn had as a candidate?
The arrangements that I can't get to was, but Scharn was to be made available.
It was going to be open.
She was not in a blood case, but was taken under granted.
The last take it off by time.
It's just that she happened to be a reporter, we got the answers to send him a file.
The girl on the time will be declared out and he will be back in the way.
I think the situation is well, it's going to be fine.
Scharn was worked to a trial right, the target was anxious to be generalized by a trial,
being an inductee at 4.2.
The fact that he was away from the post on a number of occasions,
was the target trial, it became a matter of common knowledge and public knowledge.
Scharn was up to generalize it.
Somewhat in the last two to the one to the least, we had some habits, some of the habits.
And we will require to answer some specific questions and we do it.
Time to time it.
Well, I think I asked a question before about what were the arrangements roughly that are made with respect to the private China campaign.
The arrangement was that five of the times, which are made available for committee business,
providing it did not interfere with his training.
It was a regional goal, that that work, whatever it might be, could be accomplished over a week.
The subsequent lay was indicated that it could not be, and Scharn was therefore away from the post
after hours at times during the week.
With whom did the army make the arrangements, and who in the army made it for the army?
I talked with General Ryan, the commanding general of Fort Wicks, about his situation, and left it in his hands.
Who was left with you from the legislative side of the government about it?
Who was left with me?
Yes, but we had to think about some papers, or non-incuries from senators and congressmen.
So who was it that was in the committee, or any committee who had, that these federal arrangements be made for Mr. Scharn, the king of the country?
Well, in the luncheon of November 6th, the point with my age, the McCarthy was there, and the column was there, and the car was there.
They were having trouble in getting their committee with Fort Wicks.
The column and that was Scharn about to go into the army, that's an interesting language, because they've been in three days with that column.
But they will have to have some of that time to get this thing cleaned up.
Now arrangements were made for the weekend.
Who made the arrangements, who helped the army that the arrangements be made for Miguel Lovic Knight?
Who did it and went?
That's what, that is how I recall Hunter Fountain was made up for you.
That was done at the luncheon of November 6th, because I recall it.
At the luncheon of November 6th, just snow away to all the principals involved, made the request for the night to go as weekend, that's right.
You're starting again?
I'd like to find my agent who placed my memory on it, but that's my personal recollection.
Do you know what is sent to the McCarthy, do you have any arrangements to camp this?
Yes, so I'm sorry there, sir, but if I recall it, there's even mention in one of his memorandum.
Now with the Secretary, you feel that private time is being treated differently than other private, and was receiving special treatment.
You also had a letter from Senator McCarthy on December 22nd, asking that he not be given special treatment.
Because you already take it up with the sentiment for the between December 22nd and the issuance of the report.
Yes, the only occasion I remember Senator Sonny Kim was on the...
That was the time I saw him on the 14th of January, and what time he brought up the question of son-in-lawing the time of New York City.
And I reminded him of the letter of December 22nd, on that occasion.
Now Senator Jack Matthews, you had suggested that the testimony go up to the airport of the Navy, you deny that.
It's been alleged that Mr. Adams made that suggestion.
Did he do it to your presence? No.
It's been alleged that the Army was floated at a meeting in October outside the courthouse and the police were.
Senator McCarthy told Mr. Adams that Mr. Shine was in the right place, only in having his picture taken.
Mr. Adams, the fourth attention of the use, he did.
Now that's time, I'll leave it at that time.
It's been alleged that the first Army report was in Secretary.
In the entries of the 13th and 14th of January, Mr. Collins stated to Mr. Adams,
that he would record the Army, and caused Mr. Stevens to be fooled in Secretary of the Army,
that Mr. Adams, the fourth attention of the use, is certainly murdered.
What did you know about it?
What about those out there?
I can put you to the spot of 10,000,000 of my personal service, and run the Department of the Army,
which is a very large job of the Secretary.
I have everything to do.
I have a question.
Now, Mr. Secretary, very young and important to me, from my existing board, is the expected time of the use of the Navy as well,
and the rest of the statement to Mr. Raid and the General by the Council of the Department.
The 30th, 29th claim.
The final claim is as follows and I quote,
on or about February 16, 1954, and on several other occasions,
Mr. Karin, a person supporting to act as a representative of Senator McCarthy, indicated
that the investigations of the Army then contemplated by this responsibility would either be terminated or be conducted
along reasonable lines if the Army would exceed the Senate and the Republicans and Mr. Koen's request for a special assignment for prior jobs and polls.
Now, I'm sure you have a high rate of audience, expect for congressional committees, and that is wondering if you really believe that the public will accept this claim,
which involves a serious indictment to the effect that this subcommittee might be influenced in any manner in making its investigations or the infiltration of common indomitable or that it's worth the either-retired or exciolated.
You go to really believe in this conclusion or the 29th claim submitted by your special counsel.
Well, I, Senator Dorset, on that one, that will possibly testify to Mr. Adams.
If you see this day and this 29th claim, you go to Mr. Karin, the person supporting you act as a representative of Karin, why didn't you name that person, didn't you ensure you would vote?
What's the matter with you?
Mr. Adams, will you name him?
You don't know who he works.
I'm in the court.
You are me, am I? Can I put for you a... put for Naimin?
I'm telling you, you are the analogy, you need to be responsible for that, it's not first time knowledge.
You can...
I have the counsel, Mr. Adams, you can determine whether it be someone waiting from Mr. Adams, is on the stand.
I have to turn it to the floor where the question is whether it's possible to explain.
My information is that that was Mr. Sarkalsky.
Sarkalsky.
I have the new state of common, that's George the Colton.
That's...
Do you think you are... or your counsel, the one responsible for the preparation of this state in case, or a stone or accept it as over here as representing the collective, the significance of the settlement?
I have the privilege of comparing with Mr. Walts because he and Mr. Sarkalsky are prepared to go here and in my life, before my performance.
Hello, sir. Hello.
While Secretary of the Army Stevens is referring to Mr. Walts, we pause ten seconds for station identification.
You are tuned to the New York City Zone station, WNYC.
You are now in the morning.
He is the witness to question the witness to see who the patient is.
We have a close to coach, but I have no time to work on it.
But I have the question right here.
The lecture, Mr. Walts, was not an authorized representative of this subcommittee.
That's the bar of honor.
Well, don't you think Mr. Secretary, that's...
There are more cooperative means of getting cooperation between the Department of the Army and the important subcommittee like this,
and thus getting subcommittee representatives from the United States.
Instead of making a challenge, which certainly will not be approved, such as by the public,
to the extent that the committee's entire pattern of investigation could be influenced so easily,
and the ability for the primary objective, well, kind of the worst part, I do the best I could in the line of cooperation with this committee.
And it's that that was my whole philosophy, starting soon as I took out my development, and I pursued it for the best of my ability.
So, when you give families a stack of this year, 29th, that's what you certainly recognize as quite a serious indictment of this subcommittee plus five.
Mr. Walts, you're there 10 minutes to go to the committee.
I have only two questions that I take Mr. Stevens.
Would you go on that to have a nap?
Mr. Stevens, if you ever ask to have an airplane, why would you remind us to get a flight of shining with space?
For the purpose of your ability, why would you have that hold?
I did not. On the occasion of the day with the function of the office, you expect to listen to the attention we have to,
sometimes on your Twitter or now, I have a time when it's time to listen to it.
Did you already say that you were disappointed, but you did not tell me you are a home job plan to have your picture taken with you?
I certainly have no recollection of any such things.